docs: add Clipboard API article (#5621)
vaadin/docs: articles/flow/advanced/clipboard-api.adoc

        err -> {
            String userMessage = switch (err.name()) {
                case "NotAllowedError" ->
                    "Clipboard access is blocked. Please allow it in your browser settings.";
                default ->
                    "Couldn't copy to clipboard.";
            };
            Notification.show(userMessage);
            log.warn("clipboard write failed: {} -- {}",
                    err.name(), err.message());
        });
----

The Clipboard API does not expose a permission state the same way other browser APIs do, so there is no separate availability signal -- handle errors at the point of the write.

== User Gesture Requirement

The Clipboard API requires every write to happen inside a fresh user gesture, which is why [methodname]`Clipboard.onClick(component)` is the only entry point. A few consequences:

- Writes cannot be initiated from a background thread, a scheduled task, or a server push. The gesture must originate in the browser.
- Each click is one gesture. Chaining multiple [methodname]`write*` calls on the same binding attaches multiple actions to the same click, but each one needs to succeed against the browser's gesture budget.

> - If the application performs a long server round-trip before the write call, the browser may consider the gesture stale and reject the write. Keep the action attached to the click rather than scheduling it through [methodname]`ui.access()`.

Reviewer: The last bit is a bit confusing: with the API structure given in this article, `ui.access()` isn't applicable at all, because `Clipboard.onClick()` does not allow arbitrary click handlers. I'd suggest to remove this, as there's hopefully enough context for understanding this limitation. Alternatively, could be rewritten with this in mind:

```suggestion
- If the application performs a long server round-trip before the write call, the browser may consider the gesture stale and reject the write. Therefore, the [methodname]`Clipboard.onClick(component)` entrypoint does not allow click handlers other than [methodname]`write*` calls.
```

Author: Agreed. Remove the last sentence .
